Most basic DMR. Surprising feature set. Incredibly fast scanning. Very workable jog knob.

**12m** -  
**11m** -  
**10m** -  
**6m** -  
**2m** -  RX/TX  
**1.25m** -  RX/TX  
**70c** -  RX/TX

**Type**: SOC  

**Menu** -  Green button.  
**U/D** -  Arrow buttons.  
**Exit** -  Red button.  
**Change memory/frequency** -  Red button.  
**Change selected VFO** -  Long press red button.  
**Change TX power** -  Hold side key 2 and press P1 or P2.  
**Scan** -  Long press arrow button.  In VFO mode, start scan, then type frequency to set start and stop numbers.  Long press down arrow to leave scan mode.  
**Squelch** -  Long press P1 or P2.  
**Monitor** -  Long press side button 2.  
**Search for frequency** -  
**Manual dial new talk group** -  Short press #-arrow button, dial talk group number, short press green button.  



**NOAA hotkey** -  
**Battery voltage** -  
**Hardware and firmware information** -  
**Change theme** -  
**Change theme color** -  
**Menu for manipulating current channe**l -  Top key, above PTT.  
**Display frequency information for channel** -  
**Change modulation** -  Hold side key 2, press * button.  
**High vis channel/VFO** -  
**Change DMR Timeslot**  -  Press the * button to toggle between TimeSlot 1 and TimeSlot 2 and sets this as the Timeslot override. To clear a Timeslot override, press and hold the Star key.  
**Change FM Bandwidth**  -  * button toggles between 25kHz and 12.5kHz bandwidth.  
**Reverse Repeater Frequencies**  -  Long press # button.
Unlink VFO RX/TX  -  top key, then change frequency bind.

Spectrum analyzer  -  In VFO mode, long press # button.  
Left / Right : Step down or up central frequency of sweep
SK2 + Left / SK2 + Right: Change overall sweep bandwidth aka zoom
Down / Up: Decrease / increase virtual gain
SK2 + Down / SK2 + Up: Decrease / Increase virtual noise floor
SK1 + Up or SK1 +Down: Resets the gains/floor to default


To use the Satellite tracking -  In the CPS software, click "Extras", "OpenGD77 Support", "Install Satellite Keps". The CPS will load the satellite data over a few seconds. On the radio press the green button, scroll to "Radio Information", click the green button, scroll down to "Location".  Begin typing your GPS coordinates.  Note: the radio accepts coordinates in a N/S, E/W format instead of positive and negative decimal numbers. If you have a negative longitude you should use "W" notation.  "38.8990, -77.0366" and  "38.8990 N, 77.0366 W" are the same coordinates. Once you reach the N/S letter of lattitude, press the arrow button to change it, or the 0 button to move to longitude. To change the E/W, hold side key 2, and press one of the arrow buttons. Press the green button to accept changes. Scroll down to "Satellite" and press the green button.  Select the satellite you wish to track. The radio will tune to the correct frequency and apply the appropriate doppler shift. Use the jog dial next to the volume dial to turn the squelch down to aid hearing the weak signal.  



Filter in DMR mode -  Use the Right or Left arrows to select:  
None: for no filtering, i.e. promiscuous mode.  
TG: to filter by the selected Talkgroup.  
Ct: to filter by Private Call Contacts in the codeplug.  
TGL: to filter by Talkgroups in the TG list.  

CC Scan (DMR mode only) (formerly known as CC Filter) -  This setting allows the radio to receive DMR signals even if the Colour Code is not known. But the setting does not actually disable the CC requirement, because the hardware, HR-C6000 chip, does not support reception of DMR signals without a Colour Code being specified. The functionality of the CC scanning being enabled, is performed by a software algorithm, written by Colin G4EML, where the CC value set in the HR-C6000 is changed for every DMR TS frame that is received, until the HR-C6000 reports that the CC of the Rx DMR signal is the same as the CC which has been set in the HR-C6000.  


TS Filter (DMR mode only) -  Controls whether the radio filters by Timeslot. Use the Right or Left arrows to enable or disable. When Timeslot filtering is disabled the Timeslot number is displayed in inverse video.  


**Unlock procedure** -  Set band limits in CPS, then on radio Options >> Band Limits: CPS

**Program with Chirp Next** -  Not compatible. Use OpenGD77 CPS.  

**Prepare to write firmware** -  Hold PTT + side button 1 and turn on. Screen will not turn on but top light will flash colors.  
***